Support different timeout value for dag file parsing (#21501)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/faq.rst

You can achieve this with :ref:`concepts:trigger-rules`.

> How to control DAG file parsing timeout for different DAG files?
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> (only valid for Airflow >= 2.3.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to control DAG file parsing timeout for different DAG files?
----------------------------------------------------------------

(only valid for Airflow >= 2.3.0)
```

nit

> You can add a function ``get_dagbag_import_timeout`` in the ``airflow_local_settings.py``. This function gets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a ``get_dagbag_import_timeout`` function in your ``airflow_local_settings.py`` which gets
```

> called right before a DAG file is parsed. You can return different timeout value based on the DAG file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called right before a DAG file is parsed. You can return a different timeout value based on the DAG file.
```

When the return value is less than or equal to 0, it means no timeout during the DAG parsing.

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: airflow_local_settings.py
   :name: airflow_local_settings.py

    def get_dagbag_import_timeout(dag_file_path: str) -> Union[int, float]:

>         """
>         This setting allows to dynamically control the DAG file parsing timeout.
> 
>         It is useful when there are a few DAG files requiring longer parsing times, while others do not.
>         You can control them separately instead of having one value for all DAG files.
> 
>         If the return value is less than or equal to 0, it means no timeout during the DAG parsing.
>         """

Reviewer: Maybe have a simple example instead?
```suggestion
        if "slow" in dag_file_path:
            return 90
        return conf.getfloat('core', 'DAGBAG_IMPORT_TIMEOUT')
```

Author: good idea

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

nit: one less empty line to be consistent

You can achieve this with :ref:`concepts:trigger-rules`.

How to control DAG file parsing timeout for different DAG files?
----------------------------------------------------------------

> (only valid for Airflow >= 2.3.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(only valid for Airflow >= 2.3.0)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

 .. versionadded:: 2.3
 
```

Author: @ashb looks like we used the format of `(only valid for Airflow` in this doc.

let me know your thoughts. thanks

Reviewer 2: There's only one other use -- your call.
